readme.md, before:

[Useful links and plugins](/Useful_things.md) 😉

# HW Issues should be created in this repo!
## Feel free to create issue if some links don't work or you need some help

# HW 04.03.2019

Remember - answer on almost every question you can ask is covered at https://developer.android.com/.
If you don't understand what is service - you go to https://developer.android.com/guide/components/services.
If you forgot what is BroadcastReceiver - you go to https://developer.android.com/guide/components/broadcasts and so on.
In case items described too complicated, read usual articles on native language and then go back to the offical docs.

## Theory
- Read what is foreground service.
- Read about service/broadcast limitations on new Android versions and what is LocalBroadcastManager.
- Read how to handle long-running operation using BroadcastReceiver.
- Other ways to manage back-stack - activity attributes (f.i. taskAffinity, allowTaskReparenting) and intent flags (f.i. FLAG_ACTIVITY_CLEAR_TOP)

## Practics
- Write simple Fragment which restores its state.
- Write Activity, Service and BroadcastReceiver. Service sends data, Activity receives using Broadcast and shows it (show using Toast or logs, if you have no experience in UI). Preferable to execute at least one long-running operation, but it's optional.

## Optional for self-development
- Create custom Application class, which will provide singleton instances (any custom classes).
- Create you own implementation of IntentService.

# HW 28.02.2019
- Familiarize with code style guide.

[Presentation: Clean Code](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1IS_aoc5RUhsLZKBqJW0JPkKnBpUE7I5fOG6sJkn7rbk/edit?usp=sharing "Clean Code")

[More about: Clean Code [RU]](https://medium.com/clean-code-channel/understanding-clean-code-in-android-3f00301fe16e "Clean Code")


## Part 1:
- you will work in repository with Calculator from interview:  
- make separate branch for refactoring (like *homework_28.02_clean_code*)
- align code with code style guidelines
- push changes and open pull request in your repository (from your branch to master)
- create issue with link to your pull request and mention your **Mentor**.

## Part 2:
- fork training repository
- make separate branch for refactoring
- make some changes and after that make sure that all tests are successful
- push changes and open pull request in training repository (from your branch to master)
- add link for pull request to your previous issue

The best homework request will get to the repository 😎

# HW 25.02.2019
Read about:
- Object basic methods: hashCode(), equals(), toString(), etc.
- Collections: List, Set, Map, etc.
- Generic Methods, Wildcards.
- StringBuilder vs StringBuffer.
- Error handling: try-catch-finally blocks.

[Presentation: Java Basics](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1x-oEkT--PojEBBwFoxIOC5eeb5hZjqUA/view?usp=sharing "Java Basics")

# HW 22.02.2019 

No homework 
## useful tools 
 - https://github.com/Genymobile/scrcpy

 - https://developer.android.com/studio/intro/studio-config

# HW 18.02.2019

## Usefull links . 

progit: https://git-scm.com/book/ru/v2  
https://developer.android.com/guide/  

Create project (github || bitbucket), soursetree  
Push Android Project to master in repo (.gitignore)  
Create 'feature_1', 'feature_n' branches  
Push all branches to remote  
Emulate conflict in a few files  
Merge conflict to master  
Chery Pick  
Rebase  
Stash  

create submodule and create few commits  
make commit in main project which will point to some sha in submodule  

branching model https://habr.com/ru/post/106912/  

Send project theme and url to dsslutskiy@gmail.com
Format
First_Name Last_Name url name_of_proj

Commit message:

Update HW rules, add useful links to homework

readme.md, after:

[Useful links and plugins](/Useful_things.md) 😉

# Homework flow:
## Issues should be created in this repository!
## Make homework in separate branch with following format: homework_DD.MM_theme_name (*homework_28.02_clean_code*)
## Open pull request in you repository and provide link in issue.

# Feel free to create issue if some links don't work or you need some help


# HW 06.03.2019
More about Android Views: 

https://o7planning.org/en/10423/android-ui-layouts-tutorial

https://habr.com/ru/post/181820/

https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/declaring-layout?hl=ru

Dark mode: https://medium.com/androiddevelopers/appcompat-v23-2-daynight-d10f90c83e94

Homework you can find inside 👉 doc.

# HW 04.03.2019

Remember - answer on almost every question you can ask is covered at https://developer.android.com/.
If you don't understand what is service - you go to https://developer.android.com/guide/components/services.
If you forgot what is BroadcastReceiver - you go to https://developer.android.com/guide/components/broadcasts and so on.
In case items described too complicated, read usual articles on native language and then go back to the offical docs.

## Theory
- Read what is foreground service.
- Read about service/broadcast limitations on new Android versions and what is LocalBroadcastManager.
- Read how to handle long-running operation using BroadcastReceiver.
- Other ways to manage back-stack - activity attributes (f.i. taskAffinity, allowTaskReparenting) and intent flags (f.i. FLAG_ACTIVITY_CLEAR_TOP)

## Practics
- Write simple Fragment which restores its state.
- Write Activity, Service and BroadcastReceiver. Service sends data, Activity receives using Broadcast and shows it (show using Toast or logs, if you have no experience in UI). Preferable to execute at least one long-running operation, but it's optional.

## Optional for self-development
- Create custom Application class, which will provide singleton instances (any custom classes).
- Create you own implementation of IntentService.

# HW 28.02.2019
- Familiarize with code style guide.

[Presentation: Clean Code](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1IS_aoc5RUhsLZKBqJW0JPkKnBpUE7I5fOG6sJkn7rbk/edit?usp=sharing "Clean Code")

[More about: Clean Code [RU]](https://medium.com/clean-code-channel/understanding-clean-code-in-android-3f00301fe16e "Clean Code")


## Part 1:
- you will work in repository with Calculator from interview:  
- make separate branch for refactoring (like *homework_28.02_clean_code*)
- align code with code style guidelines
- push changes and open pull request in your repository (from your branch to master)
- create issue with link to your pull request and mention your **Mentor**.

## Part 2:
- fork training repository
- make separate branch for refactoring
- make some changes and after that make sure that all tests are successful
- push changes and open pull request in training repository (from your branch to master)
- add link for pull request to your previous issue

The best homework request will get to the repository 😎

# HW 25.02.2019
Read about:
- Object basic methods: hashCode(), equals(), toString(), etc.
- Collections: List, Set, Map, etc.
- Generic Methods, Wildcards.
- StringBuilder vs StringBuffer.
- Error handling: try-catch-finally blocks.

[Presentation: Java Basics](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1x-oEkT--PojEBBwFoxIOC5eeb5hZjqUA/view?usp=sharing "Java Basics")

# HW 22.02.2019 

No homework 
## useful tools 
 - https://github.com/Genymobile/scrcpy

 - https://developer.android.com/studio/intro/studio-config

# HW 18.02.2019

## Usefull links . 

progit: https://git-scm.com/book/ru/v2  
https://developer.android.com/guide/  

Create project (github || bitbucket), soursetree  
Push Android Project to master in repo (.gitignore)  
Create 'feature_1', 'feature_n' branches  
Push all branches to remote  
Emulate conflict in a few files  
Merge conflict to master  
Chery Pick  
Rebase  
Stash  

create submodule and create few commits  
make commit in main project which will point to some sha in submodule  

branching model https://habr.com/ru/post/106912/  

Send project theme and url to dsslutskiy@gmail.com
Format
First_Name Last_Name url name_of_proj
